


    The games I decided to try out are Beyond VR, VR puzzle room, and Zombie shooter VR. 
 The experience I had with all of them were all around good and fun. The ones I chose were all games except for 
 Beyond VR. I will start with Beyond VR. The thing here is to make you feel more comfortable with public speaking.
 You choose a place you want to speak and then it gives you an audience size. It then gives you a topic to talk 
 about for a couple minutes straight. I liked that you could talk, the thing that was weird is that you're talking to fake 
 people and it makes you look a little silly. Also to have more options you have to purchase the full version of
 the game. It is useful for helping you talk in front of people maybe a little better. 
   VR puzzle room was one of my favorite ones I have tried. It is like an escape room in VR. You look around and find clues. 
 The way you move is kind of shaking your head, which after awhile can give you a headache from shaking the old thinking noggin.
 I really like solving puzzles through games and it makes it feel better that you can look around yourself. To pick up
 objects, all you had to do is stare at it for a couple of seconds when close enough. I didn't like the shaking head part too
 much. Overall, I didn't have too many challenges except for racing the 10 minute clock to finish the puzzle. This game is 
 useful for thinking at a fast pace. 
   Zombie shooter VR is also fun for about ten minutes. This game you picked out a gun and walked through the game. The guy 
 moves forward by himself and all you do is look at the zombie and the gun shoots automatically. The worst thing about moving 
 forward is that you get motion sickness really fast. You also don't have much to do so it gets boring fast as well.
 The challenge here is not to play too long or you get sick. The game is only useful for entertainment. 
   Those were the games I tried out, and I had fun. Hopefully we can try out bigger games since I do have a 
   VR set on PS4. 
 
   
 
 
