Zachary Hockenberry
The Final Project
11/23/2020

MINICRAFT

     I have had so many ups and downs in this final project. But with all the ups and downs I have had, I enjoyed pretty much all of it. I got to learn a lot with Unity and more
     with coding. Starting off with the first challenge was coming up with an idea of what I could do with a final project. Wanting to do something with my creativity side I
     wanted a game that was accessible to almost everyone. I wanted something where you could use your creative side and so I came up with a small version of AR Minecraft
     basically. I wanted to be able to build anything, anywhere through an everyday item (THE PHONE). Starting this off was challenging and from start to finish the biggest 
     challenge of all was getting to make a simple cube to display of a tap of the screen. Even though I was unsuccessful with getting a cube to ever show, I did not quit. 
     I tried out at least ten different named projects and ten different scripts to try to get something to work. Through all that I also tried Unreal Engine, and Spark AR to 
     see other ways to get it to work. At that point I have already sunk in over 15 hours into Unity and I did not want to give up on it. I love a challenge and trying to better
     my myself. So, I stuck with Unity to get it to work. I wanted to make different changes as well instead of using stuff we learned in class. In class we used cloud surface
     points that looked like dots, so I made my own version of a cloud tracker. That was a challenge, but I was very successful with it and I was happy. I am overall happy with
     my project even though its not what it should have been. It really does show my hard work and research. Knowing that I can try and try, I will fail, but through failure I
     will get better and succeed. I am always about hard work and bettering myself every day and I had a lot of fun with this class. I love to zoom a lot, it’s nice to chat and
     have fun through a camera. Honestly with this class I am happy, as well as sad. This class is my last class ever of college, and I’m excited but also a sad moment of an era
     ending for me. I have also had you in coding before and enjoy learning from you. I wouldn’t change anything with this class, it was honestly perfect. Thanks for being there
     and making my last class ever worth it. 
     
     video link: https://photos.app.goo.gl/JrSBN74pyEM4yQWs5
